# Bandit Level 32
After all this git stuff its time for another escape. Good luck!

## Commands you may need to solve this level
sh, man

## Solution
Linux has Variables called local variables (valid in current shell), shell variables (set up by shell) and environment variables (valid systemwide). These variables have their names in uppercase only. They are defined by writing VAR_NAME=var_value in the command line. To see the content of a variable, you can write echo $VAR_NAME.

To print all environment variables, you can use printenv.

Some common that are good to know are:

TERM -  current terminal emulation
HOME - the path to home directory of currently logged in user
LANG - current locales settings
PATH - directory list to be searched when executing commands
PWD - pathname of the current working directory
SHELL/0 - the path of the current user’s shell
USER - currently logged-in user


When using ssh to get access to the machine, we are greeted with a slightly different shell: WELCOME TO THE UPPERCASE SHELL. This already gives us an idea of what the shell does. Testing a simple command, we get the following:

>> ls  
sh: 1: LS: not found

So everything we type seems to be made uppercase. The commands we have used so far however, are all lower-case and do not work. The one thing in Linux that is uppercase is variables. Specifically, the variable $0 has a reference to a shell. You can see this with echo $0 on your machine.
This lets us break out of the uppercase shell and we can use commands again.

$0\
ls -la\
whoami\
cat /etc/bandit\_pass/bandit33\

## Pass
odHo63fHiFqcWWJG9rLiLDtPm45KzUKy